broadcasts for shooters hunters and gun
enthusiasts this is the firearms radio
network surprising polymer frame it's
got a rail a lot of fun to shoot
and now okay this is made in Maine in
Turkey and Turkey yes also Arabs are
made into okay
how long it's our arms been around since
1890 since 1890 yeah okay new and being
brought into the state to answer some
ads is a nato manufacturer it makes for
turkish okay alright
what makes your either guns of fists the
pistols rifles shotguns what's making
these stand out from our standard line
like a CZ derivative okay with a number
of improvements built-in so for a cz
shooter for example very familiar except
just better value Pat our prices are
probably the most competitive in the
market okay
I pissed the line he's very reliable a
very effect of warranty ratings they
don't come back
they go out they don't come back okay so
this is a from SAR arms this is the SARC
8 MP 9-millimeter striker-fired pistol
it's polymer I believe the price point
on this is right around the 300 dollar
mark alright so now we've got the SAR
st-9 a little bit different still
striker-fired 9-millimeter everything on
it is Amby Amby mag release trigger
slide release polymer mag
I can't remember if I said it's got
interchangeable backstraps on this one
where's the other version does not this
has been a production of the firearms
radio network you can find more
information at firearms radio TV